feat: added example to generate all models within the same file (#1054)
asyncapi/modelina: examples/generate-all-models-within-same-file/README.md

> # Generate all models within same files

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
# Generate all models within the same file
```

> A basic example how to generate all models within same files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic example of how to generate all models within the same file.
```
